# Network analyzer (packet sniffer)

Aim of the project is to intercept incoming and outgoing traffic through a user specified network interface of his computer.

The application will generate a textual report, providing statistics about the observed network packets.

The executable file path is packet_sniffer/target/debug/packet_sniffer

Below you can find the available command line options, the structure of the report file generated by the application, and the possible error conditions that may occurr.


## Command line options

 - [-a, --adapter]
 
          Name of the network adapter to be inspected, if omitted the default adapter is chosen.
          
          This option must be followed by a textual value.
 
 - [-d, --device-list]
 
           Prints list of the available devices.
           
           Immediately terminates the program.
           
           This option does not need to be followed by a value.
 
 - [-h, --highest-port]
 
          Sets the maximum port value to be considered, if omitted there is not ports higher bound.
          
          This option must be followed by an integer value between 0 and 65535. 
          
           [default: 65535]
 
 -  [-i, --interval]
 
           Sets the interval of time between report updates (value in seconds).
           
           This option must be followed by a positive integer value.
 
           [default: 5]
 
 - [-l, --lowest-port]
 
          Sets the minimum port value to be considered, if omitted there is not ports lower bound.

          This option must be followed by an integer value between 0 and 65535. 

          [default: 0]
 
 - [-m, --minimum-packets]
 
          Sets the minimum value of transited packets for an address:port to be printed in the report.

          This option must be followed by a positive integer value.

          [default: 0]
 
 - [-o, --output-file]
 
          Name of output file to contain the textual report, if omitted a default file is chosen.

          This option must be followed by a textual value.

          [default: report.txt]


## Textual report structure

...


## Error conditions

...

